Purpose – The internet, ICT, computers, and smartphones have influenced and changed our daily lives, as well as how we work, play, study, and conduct business around the world. In today's digital age, mobile banking has transformed the banking industry. The study was about investigating the factors influencing customer satisfaction with mobile banking applications. The customers' perceptions of mobile banking applications in Limpopo rural areas were investigated to achieve this. Finding out the challenges they have in mobile and internet banking, and the characteristics or attributes of a usable mobile bank application helps to check whether the product meets the customers' requirements.

Design/methodology/approach – It was conducted in Giyani, northeastern Limpopo, South Africa, using a qualitative approach to understand customer perceptions of mobile banking applications. 112 individuals responded. The research methodology mainly focused on gathering primary data using questionnaires.

Findings – Female participants made up 64% compared to male respondents. All respondents were Africans. 72.3% of respondents were between the ages of 18 and 25 as compared to older individuals, which indicates that young people value convenience and want to be able to bank at any time and from any location. Data analysis was carried out using Microsoft Excel, bar graphs, and PivotTable. According to the study, strong associative relationships exist between customer satisfaction and the selected factors. It has also been discovered that the security and trust factor is the most influential in influencing customer satisfaction with mobile banking applications.

Conclusions – According to the findings of the study, there are strong correlations between customer satisfaction and demographic factors such as age and gender. It has also been discovered that the following factors, among others, have the most influence: security and trust (safety), ease of use (simplicity), time effectiveness, and convenience.